ENH: Add `events.tsv` to the post-scanner flowchart (#401)
TheAxonLab/hcph-sops: docs/data-management/intro.md

    physio -->|Dropbox Sync| raw_phys
    et_pc -->|Psychopy| psychopy_pc
    psychopy_pc --> |Dropbox Sync| raw_edf
    psychopy_pc --> |Dropbox Sync| raw_events
    
    raw_mri -->|<i>HeudiConv</i> Script| bids_mri
    raw_phys --->|<i>physio-to-bids.ipynb</i> Script| bids_phys
    raw_edf ---> |<i>edf2bids</i> Script| bids_edf

>     raw_events ---> |<i>write_event_file.py</i> Script| bids_events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    raw_events ---> |<i>psychopy2events.py</i> Script| bids_events
```

1. **MRI data**.
    Stored on the CHUV PACS, the raw MRI data should first be locally [converted to BIDS](post-session.md/#convert-imaging-data-to-bids-with-heudiconv). Then both the raw and BIDS compliant data are to be synchronized with the [*Datalad* dataset](preliminary.md/#adding-data-or-metadata). From there, the BIDS compliant data can be [quality controlled](./mriqc.md) and [pre-processed](../processing/preprocessing.md) using the corresponding packages (e.g. *MRIQC*, *fMRIPrep*, *dMRIPrep*) to allow computation of analysis-grade derivatives (e.g. [functional](../processing/functional-connectivity.md) or structural connectivity).
2. **Physiological data**.

>     Physiological data stored in the *stimuli presentation laptop* ({{ secrets.hosts.psychopy | default("███") }}) and the *physio-recording Laptop* ({{ secrets.hosts.acqknowledge | default("███") }}) are synchronized with a cloud storage using *Dropbox*. The *AcqKnowledge* and ET physiological data are converted to BIDS using [*phys2bids*](physio-to-bids.ipynb) and *etf2bids* respectively. The logs from *psychopy* are converted into BIDS `_events.tsv` files using the [*write_event_file.py*](./post-session.md/#generate-bids-events-files) script. **Further processing steps such as denoising should be defined soon.**

Reviewer: Please use semantic lines (https://sembr.org/)
```suggestion
    Physiological data stored in the *stimuli presentation laptop* ({{ secrets.hosts.psychopy | default("███") }}) and the *physio-recording laptop* ({{ secrets.hosts.acqknowledge | default("███") }}) are synchronized with a cloud storage using *Dropbox*.
    The physiological signals (*AcqKnowledge*) and ET's recordings are converted to BIDS using [*phys2bids*](physio-to-bids.ipynb) and *etf2bids*, respectively.
    The logs from *Psychopy* are converted into BIDS' *events* files with the [*psychopy2events.py*](./post-session.md/#generate-bids-events-files) script.
    **Further processing steps, such as denoising, should be defined soon.**
```

Author: Oh sure - sorry about that !
